[Music]
hi hello welcome back to another video I
hope you're doing really good and you
are safe and healthy at the moment with
everything going on today's video I'm
going to be going through my Accardo
online food shop order because a lot of
us are in quarantine and self isolates
in the UK it's quite difficult to find
the time slot but yeah just hang in
there
we don't need to book by just get your
bits for like your week however nothing
is really changed in terms of like my
diet really over then I've just added
more fruit and veg in I'm just making a
real effort to get all my veggies in
there and add them where I can to give
myself a bit of an immunity boost as
well as like Mason too so I'm just going
to go through everything I Cardo is a
lot more expensive than like Aldi Lidl
but we'd like circumstances at the
moment and it's quite difficult with
online few dollars so we just make him
do what we've got and I couldn't find
like just stuff that I'd usually get
which is understandable like I couldn't
find any turkey rashes on there and guys
you know how I feel about my turkey
rashes are they are gonna be miss this
is heavenly to finally got my hands on
some toilet roll we have ran out of it
though thankfully managed to get my
hands on this we're gonna start in the
dairy and like cereal section and so
I've got two cartons of almond and
sweetened milk I use this with
absolutely everything like all my
protein oats I use it in curries it's
just my absolute favorite at the moment
and I really like this brand all prayers
where legit eases in almost every single
meal of the day so Mason I'm about a
week I've got some rainy breakfast the
oats were actually sold out online so
this was doing stops I've got my hands
on some of that and this is quite a big
family packs that's gonna last a while a
lot quicker to cook than normal loads
because they're not as thick and I
forget to
my ex I just got a big pack city mitts
free-range eggs we completely ran out of
these I'm hoping that we'll be able to
book another delivery soon because I do
have AIDS like most days that's only
over in the scrum you'll know how much I
love like my eggs on bagels like rye
bread everything like that and it's
starting in the meat section and managed
to get some chickens I picked up two
packets of the chicken breast Phyllis
and I've been absolutely loving like
making a chicken Curry's at the moment
with some white lentils and just
literally just adding curry powder
that's something I forgot to buy oh my
god
I ran out of like so leave our
seasonings and I keeps getting too
awesome but we just met do we move but
yeah it should be more conscious about
how much we have been eating and you
know trying to really think it's like
not to only this time a packet of salmon
filets these are mainly like dinner that
I mainly have that chicken or salmon or
like a meat for my dinner and then I'll
have eggs for lunch of oats for breckel
I thought I'd treat myself to some
states these are actually on offer and
this four here like these really great
you could you have these for lunch as
well like in a sandwich or something and
I just thought treat myself
ketchups them at 5% stake minutes I've
got two of these little mini portions
and what I am going to do this week as
well and just make like make the most of
and then pop it in the freezer of
they're not letting stuff go off and I
know I'm not quite sure like how
frequently we'll be able to get
deliveries like with there being such a
high demand and stuff so I'm just going
to try and like get creative with my
meals and everything and just like crap
in advance and then I've got two packets
of whole grain rye bread if you haven't
tried this wow it's really really good
it's it's a lot of nice for my stomach I
don't find it quite as bloated and it is
really thin like honesty really heavy as
well like a little gritty makes them
really likes it as well and if you've
got any intolerant is it sweet free so
they
is a really good shower it's a little
bit more expensive than like your usual
bread I'm about you can just pop it in
the freezer as well and like take it out
as you go just pot pot like put it in
the oven to defrost or whatever and then
I thought I'd stock up with some lentils
and stuff would you go through quite a
lot of these I've been loving that just
adding these to our meals recently so
I've got some of green lentils which I
find really tasty some chickpeas black
beans because they're really filling at
high protein and nutritionists low fat
natural causes cheese I love having this
food like majority of my meals really
good macro high protein and I find just
like bulk your meals but you know if
you're someone would like a larger
appetite absolutely as well I'm gonna
make some cottage cheese pancakes in one
of my video this week I definitely
prefer like the low fat to zero percent
fat though it was a massive difference
in the taste and then on to the veggie
section did notice they do actually have
quite a lot of variety on Accardo like
compared to your usual like little or
Aldi where I have been shopping and and
they have like more salad or shisn't
stuff like that so I got a whiff of it
he's like Nora crunchy salad again I've
been just making sure I like up in
fourths forcing us to have like some
form of salad every single meal and also
pop in like these in smoothies and
whatnot just actually like this Lincoln
story tale and wild lookit this is
really nice and that my green smoothie
and it's a Bistro salad first we are all
in quarantine as well like don't about
you but it's just like when's my next
meal all I can think about is food so
salads are really good for just like but
the pinyon meals of panicky get hungry
over it just pops like balsamic vinegar
and a bit of season in store and it's
just like a nice filling meal it feels
like you're eating more because I think
at this time like volume is quite
important so make sure you're having
that high-volume meals rather than like
small ones and then I just got a big bag
of this mixed salad tennis em broccoli
which is gonna last a while
absolutely love 10 December cream
luckily for that as well
so basically gonna be in bed for the
next few weeks - right got some avocados
I just got the three this time
absolutely livin avocado that especially
on like a bagel or like bread of search
and she like fruit and snacks I've been
loving Kiwis at the moment I bought some
of these which we've got your fruit and
veggies in at the moment keep your
immune system strong and then I've got
some I've got four pairs this is one my
favorite fruits in it and my usual
blueberries to go in like the morning
oats and stuff and just just snacks in
general really nicely like yogurt I've
got these black currant flavor vitamin C
tablets I haven't tried these before and
but I mean I always have these like if
you follow me for why you know how much
I love these like in my water
it took some nut what I really like
about pistachios is you can't eat them
nut quick so if you've got tonight pick
the things off and really like these
like in an evening just as like a snack
and oh oh my god I saw these honey and
rice corn cakes I really like this brand
actually they've always got really tasty
tried case these are going nice like a
dessert or like you know if you've got
yogurt and you need some crunch then you
can just break this will adds a bit of
topspin and then I just got the plain
like protein packed
lentil cake as well if you like a snack
correct like I am then these are your
go-to and you can just cut like sources
to hunt often for my oats I've got some
carnage I've almost ran out of these
really like these are super bitter
they're not like chocolate chips but
like saying that this prunes are
completely ran out of shower gel which
is not ideal we run out of toilet roll
and shower gel absolutely not okay so my
goodness and like I hope to see these
too and I just got an anti stress ball
which I've never seen before ultra mild
and gentle and then just this nourishing
silk one and their really big bottle so
they they were last the Paris awhile
just some of these coffee pots some
lungo classics this is a really nice
flavor if you
one of the Nespresso machines as well so
yeah we're pretty much you know we've
got everything here that everything we
needed I spent like two and half hours
on the Carlow site like trying to find
like a slot so yeah that is where we are
at with everything but I hope you're all
keeping healthy you know make sure
you're not under eating or overeating
just try and keep things like as normal
as you can in terms of your diet just
make sure you've got like nice healthy
and nutritious meals that way you're
going to stay fuller for longer rather
than just like you know eating crap and
then you're still being hungry I haven't
already don't forget to give this video
a like and subscribe to my channel and
let me know what other videos would be
helpful or useful or anything and I'll
see you guys in the next video